the 20 working front is
what's up
hi good night brasília february 20th thursday 7 pm the voice of brazil is
my comic that will speak just a little bit of citizenship just a little bit
because he is 48 hours there and it is good to talk a little because he has to take more
close to the situation which is natural ok but it is quickly to speak quickly
quickly Bolsa Família proceeds with the information that is in the media here
There are three and a half million people in the queue. How can you be ready for a month?
three and a half million people grow o president what happens is for everyone
those who rightly accuse the Bolsonaro government of saying that it has reduced the
program budget has a clear and direct message to the president
bolsonaro last year was the biggest payment for needy families
in the family were 32.5 million reais
that were paid last year thanks to the decision made by the president of by
first time in the history of Bolsa Família to pay the 13th Bolsa Família salary
family and the good news of tonight's president tonight is here by
also your decision and thanks to the work to improve the program
monitoring the evolution of the people who are in the Bolsa Família we
we have the announcement of new 185 thousand families that will start from today
in the registration of Bolsa Família on behalf of families that have emancipated were
for a better condition and no longer depends on the Bolsa Família a good program
social the one who leaves more than enters stays a little bit here a little
in a little while I'll be back then I will place Jorge as the man at the bottom of the
sea ​​of ​​everything the cherry news the dog sometimes
speak right, you put people on your side it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter that you
fall audience of the south has to go up there to stay is arrested when he needs
for onix here talking about citizenship so there really are a lot of people not ok
I'm really interested, I'm going to enter here the jorge safe there from Santa Catarina
There are people who are interested in this, but look, I'm not going
say I'm sorry, right, but if I knew about the young person's competence
feel I wouldn't have done away with the ministry of fisheries is open here is not
because my zero you are not adopting he is I see my daughter-in-law on
thing over there right there has really been a barbarity in this collection here goes
speak fast fast there for you even you who don't like fish is worth it
that was your business now after you can raise fish the cauã day will not
talk about this normative nº 10 manga only the fishing bible right this is just normative
of 2011 who did it ok who did the people who handle horrors and fishing
izabella teixeira the environment couple from the countryside already
miss these people that was passed will not give a greeting from
right hand marina silva canada personal sarney idea here who made this
normative instruction here 2011 even exists in the law you will continue
collaborating with the whole government is in the law a
the device that speaks of a tendentious act you know that attendant I put my hand
around the waist here now the onyx the homicide attempt process I did a
gesture is taking a gun even though I don't have a makita it happens a lot
when fishing out you pass with a capoeira net that this waterfall will not
arriving it will take a long time I talked to a catueiro ok with a hand line o
reel near an area where fishing is prohibited my know worm in the no
saddlebag of put after here in the elf horses plays not strong you will be voted
I have to get the parliament to revoke it, then you can't live in that
terror here in brazil this is how it was the rigging of legislation throughout
over the past 20 30 years agree with that there I fully agree
we need to simplify people's lives as jorge is fishing
easier for fishermen who cultivate jorge or jorge to talk about
public terminals in the last 10 years spent 10 years 10 years 220 million
of reals and I never arrived sister maria there does not arrive
at the ball, don't worry, just know enough, no bro, a pyramid didn’t arrive
there a place is a caratinga a sardine let's go 220 million jujube right
ok, let's talk about the water session, don't let me explain it here later and
will tell you if the 2019 productivity that already had the participation of improved has not
in brazil in a little while jorge safe the return of santa catarina family bag
ok and now I'm curious the press continues continues thanks
Brazilian press here you are just a wonderful one
bolsonaro list led the multi in barracks where cid gomes was shot look
only in a heap aaa owes it to the councilman bolsonaro list did not want it
he would introduce him at least this is present the councilman there okay now I
no matheus I will put you in check here
that guy doesn't speak his name getting on the tractor was trying to push the engine
from the gate there with children with a husband with women he acted right yes
or do not speak his name no you tooth me who is not president there is a
responsibility an imbalance is an act that endangered the lives of
many and many people and it is evident that when you have your life at risk you have
the right to self-defense and he also another here is not newspaper ax
globonews ok eliane catanhede also discovered that the person in charge of the ciro team
gomes was such a jair bolsonaro you know canonical jair bolsonaro you
knows bolsonaro card is working for brazil while this
people are trying to destroy our risk
will you will not take the team does not run out here is not
and our pound interpreter here and is not scared of me from the press
Today, a federal savings bank program was launched, right?
my understanding would revolutionize civil construction you will be able to link to get yours
money in the box and I’m going to kill fixed tea there isn’t every month it increases
I don't know what you don't know the fixed rate for 20 years there exceptional and the box
onix record today the squid record in the past nothing now because record
profit right I even talked about my speech is weak help the press here now
I said too much excuse there, pedro guimarães near the box said no
sponsored no soccer team nor I have inter gave my palms and neither the
botafogo of rio de janeiro that is bursting in the cup of brazil passed
for penalties of the game very difficult any English team and shaking which team that
it was the lamb the nautical hit hit the plague goats
there from pernambuco there is a goat from the plague here not that the cearense cearense
just did take it out and just have that nonsense here hahaha
the big black head like that, right, because I’m not going to joke here
that we are going to eat in the critics okay, let's make a joke here not then
I'm sorry, guys from the nautical team, the lamb boot here works
with me catching defeated the nautical on his feet a very difficult game and won another
million in na likes us botafogo that same so she only liane cantanhede
saying that the sound of those responsible for the shot there in that citizen who was in the
backhoe the end of the trail so that's just what the price of the box said
the box did not finance a football club in the past and I didn’t see it in this press
so it’s justifiable to see why the company attacks so many people
doing for the good of brazil nobody is chasing the press there was an announcement
football team didn’t spend on average as always spending 1 billion a year is
advertising but I give something that matters
we spent a year with a year and two months practically zero in the song a
corruption I say there can be no can people do not know your monster ministry
huge ok i know you're liking the line can someone do something can
but if you do it goes on him but it is showing that she is counting zeal with the
public thing looking to do the best is for Brazil looking for our policy ok
sure it’s not just mine it’s your sum of ministers has one of mine
side here is a secretary of fisheries in the front we want to do the best mine
god of heaven hits with it justify the attacks all the time atacama catch and
take a week to christ the news scoop business who spoke was the
live right and now what he said now another problem right he
spoke here he said that she insinuated herself for him puts in the hole of
report the botafogo all the time saying that he
lied here what moral has the sheet to cross the liar network that lives has the
leaf for god's sake let's learn
br-163 I didn’t see you there, it wasn’t a spectacular success for 40 years
that region waited and just to remember right last year in January were those
terrible puddles, right, it’s the rainy season and me that we have there was the
contrary the population of the region the truckers the producers all
thanking you because something very important was completed I started gas and
I was there at the gas price and at the end of the guru I was at the military academy
black needles you are also my age
college out there so a piece is missing, you know, his work started back there
a piece is missing and tarcísio had the vision we had talked about during
the transition behind television and my onyx orientation is as follows
let's try to finish the works it's no use let's start a new one the boy
this is mine no i'm not worried to be remembered it's not right it was to finish
the works that are there decreases almost an average 7 percent of the freight value and more
decreased the average, you say six seven days the average day of days and travel
because word queue there from five she to that part of 63 todinha all of her
stop and me also loss of matter of loss of say because according to the
time the humidity is losing plant a spectacular work I am a taxi driver and not
let’s also stop congratulating our Brazilian army for their
construction engineering battalions were exceptional
beautiful day they had an accident not four military we are going to give the
heart mine has an accident a colonel had
head trauma thanks to god he's out of danger okay but it's
even these men worked from sunday to sunday ok they are two percent
pay as a representation to have a project we have already agreed with the
defense move to four percent the daily rate of an engaged soldier earns today
still up to date we have the map of rio grande do sul br-116
finalzinho there is 25 already daily you can do has cat food has one now
soon the lara tongue is this is the is a funny chicken i will grate ok
receive from the cool there you give an example of menu that's it
the grenade that goes grated ox the black man the helen my brother I will that it takes to
being born took ten months to be the one who gave what because it looks cool here
back here here ready helium burned it that day no it there
you are face to face is the present 04 apr would kill you know he
tell us there, oh yeah, okay, we should go to
guarujá I have to stay in reserved places I can't be on the street right
other things but if you give it a chance to get away for a while
there as sometimes nature always does, right, the penultimate time I was running away on a motorcycle there
around town, the price for just behind I had a license, don't look, I don't know
qualification to drive backhoe loader so I can do the
your motorcycle is ok br-163 is saved present the bag we are vibrating
now our dear there pgr augusto aras as well as with pgr users as well
like the andré given by the wonderful work here in the next to the supreme
federal court and reverse an old pgr guideline and so that
will unlock the issue of investment in railways in brazil
something that everyone wants
and still welcome are two important things to complement first the
choro received more than 30 thousand unfinished works in brazil and the work has
it was very strong for us to complete these works of daycare hospitals and
basic health units the highway and a very important thing as the
sir received brazil had a very small railway structure the
sir is going to end the first term and we are going to move on to the second
mandate with the following condition with more than 30,000 km of ozio railway i'm aware
that the tarcísio goes to the spiritual retreat in costume railroad
haha the locomotive haha ​​thanks tarcísio goes
doing the tweet tweet all the time, it was worth tarcísio, how good that Brazil wins with
that's it without going into details the bus you know you are a genius in the warranty
of law and order when the state governor's bidding critical and he brings
I confess there that he has exhausted his means, he maintains the law of the voice he does in
our junior's request is very clear here the right
decision is mine ok i have responsibility nilson but the biggest
responsible for everyone with regard to men and women also now we have
incorporated women who go that contraption mission that that I always give a
example, I used to talk about Rio de Janeiro, now I'm going to talk about Fortaleza
and minister fernando will deal with this issue now ok let's talk about the military
of the army in this specific mission so boy there from 22 21 22 then I
remember that taking care of 21 cities he’s an engaged or reengaged soldier
second year of service or in the third year there is a 762 rifle in his chest there in Ceará
help there he supports there team from ceará or ceará Fortaleza ceará Fortaleza football
he must have his girlfriend for sure ok he supports guarany de sobral
he's going to the beach
and going for a walk taking the stuffing with friends is a pure person she is the person
happy citizen of life so from tomorrow this single boy may be ok
with a rifle in his chest and he has a rifle in an urban fabric
what did someone put her with this thing that someone was me i'm responsible
thing that no president has assumed until today that the guy is blown up
making it very clear i have been talking to the camera the
cerrado ending the carnival because it spawned it until the 28th the feather is very short
ok i will look for davi colombo rodrigo maia i will make an order for them
that I have a project in there saying that in geliyor the military has
to have exclusionary illegality, that is, the mission is over, he goes home, he’s not
concerned about receiving a visit from a bailiff and then responding in the
military case now a military audit getting up to 30 years in jail is a
irresponsibility up to 30 years in jail on this boy who has a girlfriend who
have a football team and have a social life that is the innocent and post with
rifle and attacked many times and the aunt reacts innocent dies that can
die in front of him that it is the responsibility to win this group
of human rights loading on top of the kid does
the commander I will now make it very clear that it is an extremely important thing
for the present of the chamber and the senate the decision is to break the tie, so it's theirs
right now that responsibility cannot stay with me
and is interested in several parliamentarians calling us until they call you
also for jelly hello bench in ceará pancada ceará you have to collaborate
in this situation and it’s not the president who sends me there, I’m
sending pressure here and we have to be responsible and the
people who were doing committing criminal offenses in those regions where for
a reason any reason just is going to your amazon have to understand that it is
only people see it’s coming, the animal will get it if it’s to be treated with force
guys don't keep pissing me off I'm going to ask other institutions
fulfill your vision other than us this is a matter of responsibility is a thing
serious that we are in urban warfare do not have to send people there to
solve this problem and the war is over cannot therefore be judged by laws of
peace where do they suckers keep dropping bombs there in pigeons there in
rodrigo de freitas lagoon putting a cross there on the on the beach of
copacabana hugging the monument anybody finds the vagabond this way
will will worry can only die laughing
and taizai then there is time to have beautiful responsibility based on the law of
legal guarantee for these military people who are starting person who are going
spend the carnival and on the street put
it's okay it's given the message here look love i'll call jorge it will be from here
start talking about fish here, young man has 20 thousand here I am having the message
here young man with 20 thousand in our here with 23 thousand for ok so thank you
for the presence do not count marques jorge in this talk quickly of the project
tourist I'm talking more often we need nothing isn't it
feathers in rio de janeiro then you who from bahia also have a page of the coast there
very important here the way to search for the solution is to do what these areas are
whether they are seen or not frequented bring the resources and bring prosperity has a
mandatory passage here cove bay 1
the tamoios ecological station is a decree if we can sauté this
decree which is the rare thing I learned a little while ago that it repeals
dental decree is federal law and if I managed to revoke the decree or I know if you
has is almost a billion elderly people from outside
a group who wins there ah ok and who invests here to
explore tourism to staff some I speak there will be a degradation of the environment
environment doesn’t have tourism today I’m also degraded my god in heaven and this
group is going to take care of the environment like this is cancún told me not long ago
here o gilson right I need to remember everything I don't know if the numbers
are right right I don't check saying getting invoiced at almost 1 billion
dollars per year per month will not be able to earn a million reais per month
the bay of cove and with all the respect to cancún ok we have wonder there that dog
with there are no islands in abundance beaches the sea water crystal clear I put in
my facebook today's story plus an aerial image here not here a paradise I
I know the region it is no wonder that I was fined in the past for a crime
environmental, but it was a day when I was in Brasilia falling off her horse
there and it was unlucky again and now it can be
fishing right now there is speech speak now people even the people from mambucaba there already
do a little bit there I just all the waters of Brazil right linhares marine areas of
environmental protection through an initiative by icm-bio and colonel homer
doo by minister ricardo salles all areas now you can practice fishing
sports if you weren't there ok but if it's from a distance and it wouldn't be founded anymore
there is one here that is resolution what that one is here what it is already shows
that I have you drop me down here so I can put it on my page even for people on
facebook for psol to take notice read and let's go let's go let's go
over there to bay bay playing a dagger wand has a lot that
little red called sambar you get a blood of 15 five hours under
right, without that, I’ll make a pen with the pen I’ve seen there is worth 344 each comes 453
ordinance no. 91 hello good afternoon ordinance no. 91 of four
February 2020 street publication of a 91 91 four-leaf decree 2020 who
Flemish minister taught me this is my money to do is mb you saw it was
published in the official diary day five what a pleasure it is you saw me changing direction
for the good in the question also of ibama we have or the admiral my god autran
who is the president of codeba and in bahia porto shoot huge there
to be cleaning work, you know, decontamination has not taken for years
here he took over a month ago and the codeba we will
slowly it puts good people in front of these institutions he
see brasilia has made contact with the president of ibama immediately already
got the license to decontaminate the area and the huge sea the codeba there part of
that should be drained there and to the port of paranaguá and changed for
coincidence, right, when the man didn't arrive, the whole board was changed, congratulations is
walter to racine the rogério that take over the board leave on
and it’s in her color so I’ve started to give it a look even more
got a license there too to be able to do the dredging that I will
obviously its in ports and ships with bigger drafts end up attacking mom ok
but quickly it’s worth it to hear you don’t like fish there who
you know one day you are interested I can even make a deal because fishing in the
Brazil is still close to other countries that I was astounded it seems
understand how can you know how can israel i already fish in the
desert has country there that we are the room in tilapia in room in room
there was in her hand because of our party I remembered china india bangladesh
vietnam i already passed duckling to jesus author be one of those country here that
it really doesn’t justify do you think how can brazil have a country with
it already has rivers with lakes with lagoons and streams with everything here and the piece is
remember that that is this are normative number 10 capital since 2011 in the past
thanks to the management jair bolsonaro the shared management between middle ministry
environment and fisheries ministry has ended and today is 100 percent of the ministry of
agriculture so we made a call for the entire fishing sector in brazil from
states sent representatives 84 people people who actually live from
waters captain fishermen and shellfish gatherers is colony unions came to
we ended a seminar yesterday and we discussed the fishing bible that the
normative instruction No. 10 that was done in 2011 in this way to correct if the
anomalies in the past who made the fishing law was a bureaucrat in brasília now
who are making the law of fisheries are the fishermen with us bureaucrat and
environmentalist of that person who likes a lot right
and there for a tie here drinking champagne whiskey from time to time in the front
there in france and giving people a lot of people who are working there in the sea here
fishing but all right quickly here public terminals and play pissed
invented there the return in fact we have 22 terminals am I am you
director in the wife is what it is to be hahaha right I like it more I prefer I prefer
mermaid only personal mermaid ending in whole brazil cost us
Brazilians captain 220 million closed then yesterday in that two minutes
the 22 million cost the structures and continue to cause damage to the treasury
people fighting to be secretary of the play a lot of people fighting impressive
you know that deep down those that I was fighting I caught a guy who didn’t
fought you didn't fight for anything is love at first sight physical your
Dad, right? You were talking, this guy doesn't have to be in this business.
don't lose that potential it's not ok come on so i'm going to finish this one
before taking advantage of that yesterday in that resolution that we had together there in
plateau capitão 2 x 20 we will start with three ppp concessions from belém grande
a hug to our friend tpp from manaus, you know that the other great demand is the tp of
cabedelo in paraíba soon there will be interested parties that for sure there are
looking for us here will be granted and worked to support our
artisanal and also industrial fishermen is fishing being said to be caught in the
Brazil, without a doubt, no capital, I already mentioned here, let's repeat 1 hectare of
water without for 100 gives 10 to 15 tons of tilapia a year that if it was created
open varnish way the music was can reach 10 so that's it
there that that is the union water session that says that my god of heaven conversion of
union water talk tilapia breeding that the union water transfer
captain a person a small producer wants to use some water body from the union
for example a lake a hydroelectric plant to create your little fish there before to
he do this process last year I handed a title to a lady
in são paulo that had been waiting for 13 years for the concession of this water 13 years for
it can produce now this system is digital will be put into operation
until March I take today I saw the test today inside my office ok
working wonderfully and four five six 13 years is going to be a maximum of 12
months for you to create your goldfish
and friends of the union captain productivity as I am last year in relation to 2018
how did you think that in the management of jair bolsonaro and happen
talk to me because the stability of the secretariat so the ministry will give you
a personal kiss the largest association of fish farmers in brasil peixe br nos
visit this week and they gave us the yearbook of fish br as an increase of 4.9
percent compared to previous years we broke the record of 758 thousand tons
of fish produced in Brazil in the year of jair bolsonaro can be studied in the future
put the fish in the school without a doubt any captain even we already officiate
the governors and the cheaper it gets and for sure
that will be a reality I already talked to paulo guedes I talked to
revenue also on the issue of gold and the tax on us vessel
right we help to buy for school meals and for hospitals ok
so I'm going to talk to the eyes so there you are guys here talking
also everyone talks, everyone talks about the same goal, right, the north is
one just for us did you know that there is 33 mars is the real lot the north of
grid and magnetic north damn everything more or less already has a difference you
take a needle and put it on top of a letter born align
and right there with the squares pointing at us the difference and
the magnetic north he walks a little bit of this movement this thirties
years away right so it's something I remember there but that's okay then but our
north is one and a lot of true is north john 8:32 true site no
has in fact will free you audio in fact here look
and it’s true that you’ll comment and you learn the things that I don’t like before
this I will not go back to my postgraduate degree by the market just
two and provisional measures got expensive one of the student card that you
I could take it via the internet, right, in a digital way and I didn't pay anything for the color
interest without important people from the Brazilian parliament that candocas
to meet the interest of the pc of the b where we don’t want to take advantage of
where I want more that unites you earn good money but working and not sucking
student lost testimony about the captain I spoke this week I had with a
person who spoke to me look I was at the uni did not present any documents from
my university paid it seems to me that $ 35 and leave there with my ID
that is to say clearly a money factory without even the proof and who
pays this bill are the people who make the events artists
what to deliver the half-price to those who often do not attend the room
class a discussion at my uncle am a division in the middle news about the collection
of the half-ticket exactly because of the fraud ok and it happens unfortunately it is
digital there was no problem grandma touching the boat
provisional balance sheets you newspapers the companies as well as the bank of brazil
petrobras has to periodically advertise in major newspapers
circulation her balance sheets she opens a newspaper there for example globe
newspaper at zero hour which newspaper in santa catarina advertise newspaper
big that didn’t left there’s defense and this is the newspaper too right you sand
then, then, holy is a fortune that businessmen spent such banks
that another billion a year being forced to advertise in the newspapers
what we did for the family 9 am you could make you to be that he
way of doing it right and mentally interested there are people who are
is that there are people who benefited from it and that same thing fell the year
that we cannot represent this year but next year the collector kant represents
both stones and average 120 days right 120 days that has 120 days last year
when the provisional measure is in force, we
and you can make the balance sheet there virtual without paying anything without paying a
now i ask you to go to any state in brazil there is a newspaper that
fit into the legislation to receive so bora sixth I’m not worth in the newspaper anymore
expensive or cheaper put goes in the newspaper more true than that you think it is
a newspaper that you entrepreneur I cannot interfere with that you are entrepreneur will
in the newspaper is that it really treats information with respect is not worth the newspaper
liar who only has a name then newspaper which is a real fake factory
news and you and you will help then
only one billion and 200 a year is a lot of money I know you're São Paulo
been without almost forty percent of the gib there is there and you can do that hour
it is only national business advertising is not worth a newspaper that only has news
bad guys live on bad news live on lies all the time esculhambando
you company is aware the government you cannot have lunch at the tin newspaper
all the time against the government that can't do that for god's sake i
I have your answer from her too You are free responsibility You want it
you help
and the Brazilian press to come out of this, I just spoke here ok eliane
cantanhêde to want that I only answer responsible for the shot there in the year citizen
there and there in the valley in Fortaleza for the love of
god what a deal this is all the time all this time just [ __ ] [ __ ]
[ __ ] [ __ ] all the time just gossip gossip gossip there this businessman do
a pity you and humbly party make your mansion in smaller newspapers
that these newspapers have out there you will spend less and will help to get my
true non-Brazilian citizen formation that attacked all the time in
lying load bed all the time with family bag 3 million right in line three
and how can a month go up two million in the queue I wrong thing you
you must see fraud I already spoke with onyx you must already have to endure something
something is already happening yet electoral now
I even said to Rick, right, it's like being a trickster, not in the registration, right?
poor citizen needs, you know, or a citizen goes to register with the city hall, who is the
responsible for the research that has a person responsible for having a CPF we get
you are common is when the parents are as diverse as possible, right?
even you take out the drawing admire of people have a poor municipality to have there
went away 50 of course here it came out that we never wait there for you to register this
guy has to be held responsible what we hear about arrives information
for us there is a place where the guy from the city is the feet people they will
behind the people take the family bag take my number for councilman this
here my number is this xxxxx this number here votes for me this is it here
it has arrived there whether it is true or not we will find out
and I can't have this binge in some cases the Bolsa Família is a project to
poor people who need it will not end the left she said I was going
finished is not over yet had the 13th ok this year let's get it right talking about this
of the pocket in the front instead because the law was mp that was valid only for the last year already
they are saying that I don't want to give whoever said that they don't want to use whoever is also
giving it is me, you know, the taxpayer that pays tax, we are going to do the same thing
now we want to grant so you really need not bought with the
business is a binge it was a little bit of respect here the interest was born
political party this project and I remember the 2014 campaign dilma
rousseff hit the face spoke 50 million people at Bolsa Família is no reason
I was proud to have 50 maintenance of the family grant that you intend
give a good education of the means to reduce bureaucracy so that you can
I only defend workers, right? The employer, nobody says anything.
is making life the employer that being a boss in Brazil is not easy
vinasse has only complicated views
and let's go ahead I think it's ending, right, because the box is already made
economic the fortress score near petrobras has
monster profit is ending here now there is a panel at the bottom there that is just me
there was no time here 40 - it fell a little, it's 15,500, I was 23
thousand fell hello alright come on play ahead until
work has crazy monster that is very clear to you the average nowadays
diesel at refineries r $ 2 a cent average in desu so this is the price of
tithe that comes out of the petrobrás refinery delivers there i don't interfere in petrobras
I can dismiss the price of petrobras I will not send it to the white castle
it’s quiet white castle but I can’t I don’t pointer done on that
talk to work there and have to play your part and not live off the
way the neighbor in the past right then r $ 2 a lot of diesel and one and 77 a liter
of gasoline you claim there is $ 5 look there is federal tax has been
ex-wife and the state state tax is also right and there must be a
tax reform that is not easy i stayed 28 years in the chamber the only one stayed
against 24 good right 24 and you know that the tax reform never worked out that I
I miss Paulo want to treat, right? I guess the suggestion for rent is
one is a right of mine ok and he sees if it meets or not the federal taxes that
starts with the one that messes with the state and municipal deposits will not
give time like it never worked until today so let's do our part let's
reduce bureaucracy give a tidy ah ok bye one thing more fight less
in the end, the tax burden is not even greater than 0.001%
but it has to be smaller it can't be bigger and it can attract the price with you so
gasoline in 77 there at the diesel 2.0 refinery and profit is the name of petrobras
why because the price of petrobras i understood that paulo guedes buys it
at petrobras and the company she works with her board did not have in the past
right but board such a party you know what happened I couldn't give
crazy even I took no profit at the time of reais was not that little bell
here it is and you say lucas was an abuse it is very crazy to lower the price
at the refinery if it decreases at the refinery it will not increase at the end of the pump
because the average of the icms the icms the effect of the average of the final price there at the pump
it is but governments have already done some send a letter criticizing hell
but okay it's not true it's a thing the high throat says the talc too and has
wrong thing and you have to resolve this matter there because nobody can take it anymore
pay for this fuel, and there’s a federal tax so there’s no doubt
state also another thing the savings bank also of the hops and always jan
and even the only one here looks at your past as it was an indication of the price of
police box police boards for each match of magic would have
vice presidency each match you will come if presence couldn't work no
it can work so there today I had to place this launch there
real estate credit without a fee
function of the economic box like what I turn the box is being valued
cashiers know who their directors are they are president service
you know that there are no arrogant people now that we can't, we don't pass the ball
to anyone who had the rear of the pistol so that's it
and it’s over now it’s not easy it’s my life it’s not easy it’s just knocking time
all is fake news talk here lie [ __ ]
and I'm asking then it didn't take you to leave here in the afternoon for your
family sells the father of the family there who has not yet learned that Brazil has changed despite
of you despite you Brazil has changed but it is a unique thing there captain
speaking of federal savings bank one last very important fishing mission
for all the fishermen and aquaculture farmers in brazil we had this week with pedro
guimarães box president our friend and he pledged with us and
make a credit line captain india and brazil are similar and
many things we have a lot more water a lot more resource has a lot more all
game of palm trees goes so it is brazil and brazil has a lot more resources than
still at all however India is the second largest fish producer in the world
and Brazil is not even among the 20 knows why captain first
environmental licensing according to microcredit environmental licensing
stay with our governors, I’m always calling for the book
our fishermen our fishermen and federal savings bank financing
pedro guimarães is committed to us and will do a line of bureaucratization and
easy for all of us to grow our goldfish regardless of size
same now that sometimes I want smart come on the plague goat
there the cearense there supporter of the corinthians in the middle cheer for the fortress
the cough look for morals is what concerned I think he was extradited
from there from there from Ceará to Celtic Corinthians will cheer for those who close their hair today
the palm trees like that there pg I'm going there I'm inviting you here to see the
game of palm trees and guarani brasília I'm sorry it's bugged there from campinas
right for the serious I thought you think the guarani is
and the victory of palm trees will have what to celebrate having it white you will go from here
a little while there time tubaína palm trees and bahia thanks guys thank you there
it's also